= eZGravatar

Gravatars (<a href="http://www.gravatar.com">http://www.gravatar.com</a>) for eZ Publish (<a href="http://ez.no">http://ez.no</a>)

<a href="http://www.cjohansen.no/projects/ezgravatar">http://www.cjohansen.no/projects/ezgravatar</a>

== Installation

No point in distributing this as a plugin as that would require more steps to
install, than just getting the template and fixing your config.

1. Copy the template to an active design folder like
   <tt>design/yourdesign/templates</tt> and use like so:

    {include uri="design:gravatar.tpl"
             email=$node.object.data_map.email
             size=40}

2. The template requires an md5 template operator. The simplest way to
   provide such an operator is through template.ini/[PHP]/PHPOperatorList[],
   ie put the following in an override for template.ini (such as
   settings/override/template.ini.append):

    [PHP]
    PHPOperatorList[md5]=md5

== gravatar.tpl

Parameters
email      Email address, either as a string or an attribute whose content
           is an email address
size       The desired size of the gravatar. Gravatars are square, so this
           should be a single integer. Default is 80 (pixles).
rating     What content to allow. Any of the following (default is X - ie all):
                G  - A G rated gravatar is suitable for display on all
                     websites with any audience type.
                PG - PG rated gravatars may contain rude gestures, provocatively
                     dressed individuals, the lesser swear words, or mild violence.
                R  - R rated gravatars may contain such things as harsh profanity,
                     intense violence, nudity, or hard drug use.
                X  - X rated gravatars may contain hardcore sexual imagery or
                     extremely disturbing violence.
default    The default image to serve up if email has no gravatar. This may be
           an URL to an image, or one of identicon, monsterid and wavatar.
           If the parameter is an empty string the default blue gravatar logo
           is used as default. Default may also be the string "random" which
           will choose either one of the defaults.
alt        The alt text for the image. Default is "Gravatar"
class      Optional class name for img tag
id         When using a random default image you may provide any id/number as a
           way of selecting default image. This way the pick is not actually random
           since you'll always get the same gravatar for the same id.

== LICENSE:

(The MIT License)

Copyright (c) 2008 Christian Johansen

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
'Software'), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED 'AS IS', WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
